If you found this repository, it's either by accident or you randomly looked at my GitHub by finding the link in my Discord profile. Both of these are very unlikely scenarios, but if you're reading this, that means you have in fact found this and I have to explain what is going on here.
This repository is where I store the jar file of every compiled build of every Spigot plugin I have coded. I recently started to use an incrementing integer to label my builds instead of relying on an unwieldy version string, and since then I have kept almost every build I've compiled (I lost a few because I hadn't gotten used to the system yet). Not every build I'd made before I switched to this system was saved, though, but at least I've kept the latest legacy build for each plugin.
The repository consists of five base folders, called "API", "BETA", "MM", "TEMP" and "WTH". These names are basically the categories that plugins can fall into.
- "API" comprises every plugin that was made to be used as a library for other plugins.
- "BETA" comprises every plugin I've made for Craftbukkit 0.0.1 for Minecraft Beta 1.7.3. I know these are technically not *Spigot* plugins, but they are close enough.
- "MM" (which stands for "me.manossef", the base package of every plugin in this category) comprises every plugin that follows my internal plugin coding rules (which let me keep myself organized). These plugins can be literally anything, from testing to funstuffs.
- "TEMP" comprises every plugin that was either meant to be temporary or was abandoned forever. I've deleted the projects for these and have no plans nor a reason to update them ever again.
- "WTH" (which stands for "whatevertheheck", the base package of most plugins in this category) comprises every plugin that for whatever reason doesn't follow my plugin organization rules. Usually it's because I wanted to organize the code differently, due to the plugin's theme or whatever other reason.
Each plugin gets a folder inside one of the above, and in that folder there is a folder for every numbered build, which contains the jar file and a text file containing the changelog for the build. Old builds that were compiled before the switch to numbered builds can be found in the legacy folder, with their unwieldy version strings in the filenames so you and I can recognize them easily.
Now you might be asking, *why is this public then? It looks like you're just storing your personal files, which look like they should be private!* Well, these files were taking up a bunch of space on my computer, so I uploaded them here instead, and I decided there is no reason why I shouldn't make this public, since apart from this being my backup, it can also be a treasure trove for you, who randomly stumbled upon this against all odds. There are a few useful plugins here I'd say, and also a lot of them that are utterly useless but interesting nonetheless.
By the way, if you find any issues with any plugin uploaded here, you are more than welcome to make an issue here about it. Even though this is not the reason I made this public, it would be a stupid idea to not listen to people telling me there's bugs in my plugins.
Anyway, this is what this repository is. I hope you enjoy looking through everything my brain has come up with since 2020, even though you were technically never supposed to look through it.
